Setup:

Necessary Installs:
    Download the LTS for Node.js (https://nodejs.org/en/)  -  This is needed to run the code
    Download Git Bash for your OS (https://git-scm.com/downloads)   -   This is needed to get the code
    Download VSCode (https://code.visualstudio.com/download)  -  This makes viewing/editing the code much easier.


Getting the code ready to run:
    Navigate to a directory where you would like to install the Discord bot
    Right click and choose "Open Git Bash here"
    When the pop-up opens, type in "git clone https://github.com/MasonStooksbury/forex-bot.git". Don't try and copy/paste it, Git Bash is weird and will add
        random, hidden characters and the command won't work. Just type it out by hand
    Once this has finished, type "code forex-bot" and hit Enter. This will open the code in VSCode
    Once in VSCode, hit "Ctrl + J" to open a terminal
    In here, run "npm install" to install all the things the ForexBot needs
    Next, run "npm install cron"


Setup the Discord bot:
    Navigate here and sign in (https://discord.com/developers/applications). We are going to create an application/bot similar to what I did to create it
    On the left, select "Applications"
    Then click "New Application" in the top right
    Type in the name of your bot and click "Create"
    Once finished, feel free to upload the app icon you'd like to show up (if you want the stonks image, I have it)
    Next, select "Bot" on the left hand side
    Click "Add Bot" on the right, and then "Yes, do it!"
    In the very center, click "Click to Reveal Token"
    Copy this string of characters
    In VSCode, open the ".env" file and replace the long token with the thing you just copied
    Next, in the Discord Developer Portal, click "OAuth2" on the left
    In the "Scopes" section, click the "bot" checkbox
    Scroll down, and in the "Bot Permissions" section select these:
        Send Messages
        Manage Messages
        Embed Links
        Attach Files
        Mention Everyone
        Use External Emojis
        Add Reactions
        View Channels
    There should be a long link in the "Scopes" section now. Click that and paste it into a new browser tab
    Here you will be able to invite the bot into your server

Running the bot:
    Now that everything is setup, go back to the VSCode terminal
    Run "node index.js". This should start up the bot and you're ready to go!


From here, feel free to change values and messages and test to make sure everything is how you like it. Once we put this on a hosting site, the process will
    be a little different.